Most Favorite
Respond to 50+ support requests via email or chat most days - I did this at GoDaddy with no issues.
Engage multiple users at once via chat to answer their questions and troubleshoot problems - As above.
Help train and onboard new support teammates - I really enjoy getting new people up to speed.  
Spot trends across many cases to improve Netlify's product and service. - This is oddly something I'm fairly good at doing.  I'm fairly good at noticing trends.
Help manage communications during a service outage - After time with Charles Schwab when we really WERE losing millions of dollars a second if something was down, I've got the ability to keep a pretty cool head in a crisis. ;)

Least Favorite
Work with prospective customers to explain our service and the pricing model - too close to "sales", and I'm rubbish at sales.
Respond to Netlify customers on Twitter - I don't like Twitter.  I can't explain it.  It's just a thing.
Deliver a talk to many people you don't know at a conference or meetup - See also: introvert
Dig through server logs to troubleshoot a customer's website behavior - I can do it.  "vi /var/log/httpd/error_log" and I are old friends.  But it's not my favorite thing in the world to comb through.
Find and recruit teammates for the Support team - I'm happy to train people, but I'm not naturally outgoing enough to be a recruiter.

What is your favorite thing about providing technical support?

What did you think of our service during the time you used it?  Provide either some constructive criticism or some points that impressed you.  Be honest!  “It sucked” isn’t a wrong answer unless you don’t elaborate and provide some constructive criticism ;)
Talk about how you made your site and why you chose the tools you did.  Briefly explain a challenge you experienced in setting up this site and how you solved it.

Provide a link to documentation for a technical/developer-focused product, which you think are well done, and briefly explain why you think they are well done.
Why do you think SSL/HTTPS is important?
Explain, in a couple of paragraphs, what you think 2 major challenges around DNS configuration are for less-technical internet end-users.

A customer writes in saying their “site won’t build”.  Compose:
your best short (2-paragraph) customer-facing answer, 
without any additional data, 
that could be useful in the generic case, 
but would also lead to a customer providing a more actionable response.

(optional/bonus) Can you set up a redirect from “/netlify/anything” to https://www.google.com/search?q=anything ?
(optional/bonus) Could you give us a suggestion to improve this test or the job posting?
